feat: add kmeans documentation (#17)
SFTechnologies/spectrify-docs: pages/machine-learning/kmeans.mdx

import Image from 'next/image';
export const imagePath = '/images/machine-learning/';

## K-Means Clustering

> KMeans is an unsupervised machine learning algorithm used for partitioning a dataset
> into K distinct, non-overlapping clusters. It aims to group similar data points
> together while keeping dissimilar data points in different clusters. The algorithm
> works by iteratively assigning data points to the nearest cluster centroid and then
> updating the centroids based on the mean of all points in each cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KMeans is an unsupervised machine learning algorithm that is commonly employed for partitioning a dataset
into K distinct, non-overlapping clusters. It aims to group similar data points
while keeping dissimilar data points in different clusters. The algorithm
works by iteratively assigning data points to the nearest cluster centroid and then
updating the centroids based on the mean of all points in each cluster.
```

Author: Done

<br />
<br /> <u>Configurable Parameters:</u>

- **Dimensionality reduction**: (COMING SOON) Method for summarizing the number of
  features in spectra, like PCA or Peaks.
- **Number of clusters**: Specifies the number of different groups to divide your
  data into. This is a crucial parameter that determines the granularity of the
  clustering.

  {' '}

  <br />

  ### Visual Example

>   _K-Means clustering can be used to label similar data together, allowing for the identification
>   of distinct patterns or sample types within a dataset._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _K-Means clustering can label similar data together, allowing for the identification
  of distinct patterns or sample types within a dataset._
```

Author: Done
